Such a good plan
You come and I go to get married.
Your wealth will be immeasurable
People who can’t leave Jiangtai
Come to our Yangtai anytime
I'm a high school girl
I'm here to criticize Yangtai
We test the many advantages of Yangtai
But I’ve never seen you test as much as you did today
My stone slides down the enemy's
Wearing lights for inspection
But the Taipei Cleanup Station naturally achieved
You must go to Waiwanweisi
There are too many inspections at once
It's not your stinky Arakish lines
The remaining half of the plan
This is just half of the policy
Strategies for the Soft Bird Period to Fight Tomorrow
Even though I’ve been eating the Emperor’s Show for so many years
But the child has to be cool as a year old
How is it possible for our Miaobiao
Trade time is on your moment program
We, Miao Biao, are in charge of the birth
What else are you willing to do?
Naturally, I thought of who you could give me as a gift.
Is this the place you should come to?